How close did I get?

10.2 Effect of Force Majeure.  In the event of a Force Majeure event 
affecting Seller,s ability to Deliver Scheduled Energy from the Facility, the 
following shall occur:  
(a) Seller shall as soon as reasonably practicable use commercially 
reasonable efforts to fulfill its obligations to deliver Scheduled Energy 
from Market Sources until notice is provided pursuant to Section 10.2(b) 
below.  do we want to delete this?  Gary didn't seem to like it.
(b) Not later than ten (10) Days following the onset of the Force Majeure 
event, Seller shall (i) issue a notice to Buyer stating whether Seller will 
continue to fulfill its obligations to Buyer hereunder from Market Sources 
until the Force Majeure event is terminated or (ii) declare Force Majeure and 
relieve Buyer from its obligation to pay the Demand Charge during the time 
that Seller is unable to meet its obligations hereunder, computed on a daily 
basis.  If Buyer does not Schedule Energy during the ten (10) day evaluation 
period and Seller declares Force Majuere, then  Buyer,s relief of the 
obligation to pay the Demand Charge shall commence as of the date of the 
Force Majeure event.
(c) If, during the ten (10) day evaluation period referenced above, Buyer 
Schedules Energy and Seller continues to Deliver Energy, but then declares 
Force Majeure, Buyer,s relief from the obligation to pay the Demand Charge 
shall commence on the date of the declaration of Force Majeure and not on the 
date of onset of the Force Majeure event.  If, during the ten (10) day 
evaluation period Buyer Schedules Energy and Seller initially Delivers Energy 
but subsequently fails to Deliver, Buyer shall be relieved of the obligation 
to pay the Demand Charge from the date Seller fails to Deliver Energy, and 
not on the date of onset of the Force Majeure event.  Such relief from the 
Demand Charge shall be computed on a daily basis.  
In the event of a Force Majeure affecting Buyer,s ability to receive Energy 
from Seller, payment of the Demand Charge shall continue.
10.3 Termination Due to Force Majeure. If an event of Force Majeure continues 
in effect for twelve (12) consecutive Months, then the Party not declaring 
Force Majeure may terminate this Agreement upon providing written notice of 
such termination to the other Party (but if such event of Force  Majeure 
terminates before any such termination notice is provided, then this 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect).
