As far as I know the commissioning period we have in the current LM contracts 
still works for the LMs.  I haven't heard any differently.  You just plug 
those things in, right Scott?

From the owner/power seller standpoint, the predictability is more important 
than the time period (within reason, of course).  No matte what we have on 
LDs with GE, the penalty for not moving megawatts will be more.

As for standard of conduct, do we have language in the warranty section about 
how the service techs have to work?  Maybe something similiar would be 
work?   

The discussion shows that it is a good idea to get them committed to 
performing the TD of I at the time we sign up to buy the turbines.

ckm




John G Rigby@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
05/24/2001 07:54 AM
To: Bill Williams/ENRON@enronXgate@ENRON
cc: Scott Dieball/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Kay 
Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron 

Subject: RE: Experience In commissioning GE 7FA's & Slow/Insufficient TDI  

Good point on the LM's-  I will make that point, at this time I think the 
baseline is 7FAs- and the time should be shortened for LM's.   Unfortunately 
I do not think that EECC has corporate history on the 7FA's commissioning 
time- I think NEPCO does.    As to the EPC contractor wanting a similar cure 
time, in effect the commissioning period will have to be built into his 
Guaranteed Completion Date.   This does not mean that GE gets all this time 
to commission, it de facto can be shorter or longer, what it does do is sets 
the mark in the sand for one of the criteria that must be met before GE is 
exposed to Takeover LD's because the GE equipment will not meet Specific 
Performance Guarantees or operate reliabily thus causing the EPC Contractor 
to be late. (slightly run on sentence-whew)

As such it is not a GE slowness LD.  

As to there not being enough TDI of people or their being inept thus causing 
a delay.  A valid concern-and perhaps we can pin GE for.   I am struggling 
with what to use as a quantitative standard against which we could assess 
Take Over LDs.   It is almost like good/bad art, you know it when you see 
it.  Scott and I can try making late, insufficient or inept TDI services as 
(iii) in Section 10.3.2 (3rd reason for trigging Take Over LD's)- but without 
some standard it will be tought to reach an agreement with GE and tougher to 
enforce.   I welcome your creative thoughts.   I would expect GE to rail 
against this.

Scott and Kay-  Thoughts?




	Bill Williams/ENRON@enronXgate
	05/23/2001 06:13 PM
		 
		 To: John G Rigby/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
		 cc: 
		 Subject: RE: Experience In commissioning GE 7FA's

One thing for me - this contract will not just be for 7FA's.  The LMs have 
much shorter fire and ready to go times (days to weeks at most), and to allow 
a generic move to 45 days could put aeroderivative gas turbine projects in 
jeopardy with regards to schedule. I must confess I do not have the 7FA 
experience.  EE&CC should be able to back these numbers up.

I suspect this may be a TDI issue as well.  GE may be having fewer qualified 
Technical consultants to cover the onslaught of construction - contributing 
to the request to extend to 45 days. 

Note, if we go to 45 days for the Seller, the EPC contractor will want the 
same time period to remedy.
