What do you think of this? (sorry it isn't redlined yet)

(b) Intra-Day Scheduling. Buyer may, upon at least four (4) Hours minimum 
advance notice to Seller, request changes to a Schedule by way of an 
Intra-Day Schedule Notice. Any such changes shall be in increments of at 
least 50 MW and may not exceed the Contract Capacity nor reduce the Schedule 
to less than four (4) Hours. If the Intra-Day Schedule Notice requires an 
increase in the Scheduled Energy per the Day-Ahead Schedule Notice, Seller 
shall, at its sole discretion determine whether to dispatch the Facility or 
provide Energy from Market Sources.  Seller shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to provide Buyer with a price to accommodate Buyer,s Intra-Day 
Schedule Notice. Such price shall include lost profit from any transaction 
which would be cancelled in order to accommodate Buyer,s Intra-Day Schedule 
Notice, plus all additional costs (whether direct or indirect); provided, 
however, that such costs shall be limited to costs actually incurred by 
Seller (including cost of cover, penalties, liquidated damages, cancellation 
charges or the like due to another Person) with respect to (i) transactions 
entered into by Seller with other Persons prior to receipt of Buyer,s 
Intra-Day Schedule Notice (provided that such transactions and the terms 
thereof can be verified in an audit to be performed in accordance with 
Section 8.3, (ii) transactions that must be entered into by Seller in order 
to accommodate Buyer,s Intra-Day Schedule Notice or (iii) extra costs 
incurred in operating the Facility to accommodate such notice.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, such costs shall not include Seller,s lost opportunity 
costs with respect to transactions that Seller may have been able to obtain 
but were not entered into by Seller prior to receipt of the Intra-Day 
Schedule Notice.  If Buyer accepts Seller,s price, then the Schedule shall be 
revised to reflect the changes. If Seller is unable to accommodate Buyer,s 
Intra-Day Schedule Notice, such Hours shall not be included as Scheduled 
Energy for the purpose of determining the Forced Outage Rate. Seller shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to resell any Energy not taken by 
Buyer due to a decrease in Energy pursuant to an Intra-Day Schedule Notice 
provided, however, that the revenues from any such sales will be offset 
against the additional costs to be charged to Buyer as provided in this 
Section 3.4(c).
(d)
