Derryl,

Thank you for your email and ideas.   I have kept up with some of the 
Strategic Sourcing activities and know that things are going well. 

Enron's art committee's stated vision,  goals and objectives are similar to 
the ones you reflected in your email.

As I have stated on an earlier voicemail to George (I can't remember if I 
called you as well) the Enron Art committee has spent a lot of time focussing 
on our vision and goals for the Enron art collection.  This has been 
coordinated with the approval and support of Ken and Jeff and we have Ned 
Rifkin (Menil) and Barry Walker (MFA) advising us.   I believe that we are 
making progress with our goals and acquisitions.

Thank you for submitting these concepts.  We are executing on our approved 
goals and are not going to pursue your ideas at this time. 

Good luck with your endeavors.

Mike




From: Derryl Cleaveland/ENRON@enronXgate on 02/21/2001 11:56 AM
To: Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc: Richard Causey/Corp/Enron@ENRON, George Wasaff/NA/Enron@Enron 
Subject: Enron Art Idea

 
Mike,
;
Following up on your voicemail earlier today, below is a summary of our ideas 
regarding additional options for acquiring artwork.; If you would like to 
discuss further, we would be happy to address our ideas in greater detail.
;
Derryl
;
;

Enron Art ) An Alternative Approach

;
;
Global Strategic Sourcing proposes an alternative to the traditional process 
utilized when sourcing art for Enron Center South. 
;
We recommend dividing the artwork requirements for the new headquarters into 
three categories:
;
1.;;;;;; 1.;;;;;; Source artwork using your existing process.; 
;
2.;;;;;; 2.;;;;;; Include pieces that would be displayed in a specific area 
of the building and rotated on a schedule authorized by your committee.; 
Utilizing a contest format, these pieces would be submitted by community 
members of all ages and ethnic backgrounds including area high school, 
college and university students, who exhibit an interest in art.; Entry 
requirements for this segment could be centered around an Enron-based theme, 
such as innovation, energy or communication.; Rewards for winning entries 
could be provided to individual artists, as well as teachers, professors or 
the recipient,s institution.; Emphasis would be placed on the community 
relations aspect of the program and would, at the same time, demonstrate 
Enron,s desire to be a good corporate citizen.; 
;
3.;;;;;; 3.;;;;;; Obtain higher-quality pieces from artists who may or may 
not have international recognition, but whose works would be an asset to the 
world-class operations center being constructed. Enron,s public relations 
departments in the U.S. and abroad, could serve as points of contact for 
identifying this talent on a world-wide basis and for generating publicity 
for the program.; This competition would focus on lesser-known artists and 
provide Enron with an opportunity to discover new ideas and fresh 
perspectives, while emphasizing the artist's true creative spirit.; With this 
new approach, your committee will have the opportunity to obtain high caliber 
pieces from a variety of creators, while at the same time provide the artists 
with international recognition and financial rewards.; 
;
Specific program rules, regulations and reward options for the above 
categories of artwork would be at your discretion.; 
;
The following objectives could be achieved by implementing this alternative 
approach:; 
;
?;;;;;;;; obtain quality artwork for Enron Center South
?;;;;;;;;; strengthen Enron,s community and international relations, while 
supporting Fine Arts Programs on a world-wide basis.
?;;;;;;;;; develop Enron,s image of a company rich in innovation, integrity 
and excellence 
?;;;;;;;;; demonstrate the value of diversity among all people and cultures, 
regardless of ethnic and/or social status, and
?;;;;;;;;; contribute potential savings to Enron,s bottom line.
;
;
