Virginia,

A follow-up email to our earlier discussions.  I have been out of the 
country.   I was unable to pull up the images you sent to me and my home 
email address. I am interested in the Matisse and would like to see the 
image.  On the Liechtenstein, I like the one you had and would be interested 
in talking if you could find another.

Please let me know if you can find one.  Also i would appreciate you sending 
another image of the matisse.

Thanks,
Mike





"Virginia E. Repasky" <virginia@clarkfineart.com> on 08/13/2000 05:34:51 PM
Please respond to virginia@clarkfineart.com
To: mike.mcconnell@enron.com
cc:  
Subject: [Fwd: Matisse and Lichtenstein art]


Dear Mike McConnell: 

If you any problems with this e-mail please let me know and I will be happy 
to either re-send the message or mail you the images and materials on the 
artwork. 

Most sincerely, 

Virginia Repasky 

"Virginia E. Repasky" wrote: August 9, 2000 

Mike and Chris McConnell: 
13451 Belhaven Dr. 
Houston, TX 77069 

Dear Mike and Chris McConnell: 

It was wonderful welcoming you to our San Francisco gallery. 

Last time we spoke you had expressed interest in Matisse's Icarusand 
Lichtenstein's lithograph.? I have located another Matisse's Icarus on your 
behalf. The lithograph, Blue Noteby Lichtenstien that you viewed has since 
sold.? But I am pleased to inform you that we have just received in inventory 
Composition for The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum by Lichtenstein.? I wanted 
to again touch base with you about these artworks.? I wanted to let you know 
about these artworks since they has not yet? been viewed by the gallery 
public. 

I have taken the liberty of enclosing information and visuals on each of the 
images.? In light of your enthusiasm for rare artworks and the imagery of the 
time period, I know these exquisite pieces would almost certainly appeal to 
you.? If my assumption is correct and you would be interested in adding one 
or another of these fine works to your collection, please let me know at your 
earliest convenience.? This is a wonderful opportunity to select from some of 
the most famous and important graphic images created during the modern era.? 
Any of these images could easily be added to any important museum collection 
in the world.? This is an excellent opportunity for a discriminating 
collector such as you. 

I would also be happy to schedule an appointment over the phone with our 
Director, Steven Little concerning these artworks.? Please let me know at 
your earliest convenience. 

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to get in touch with me.? I 
look forward to hearing from 
you soonest. 

Most sincerely, 
? 

Virginia Repasky 
Fine Art Consultant 
Curatorial Researcher 

Image 1: 

Henri Matisse (French 1869 - 1954)????????????????????????????????????????? 
$4,500.00 
LA CHUTE D,ICARE, June 1943 
Original lithograph printed in four colors (blue, red, black and yellow) on 
wove paper.? Signed and dated in the stencils lower right Henri Matisse 6/43. 
A fine impression of the definitive state after Matisse,s cut paper collage, 
as published in the review Verve Artistique et Literaire Vol. IV No.13, Henri 
Matisse, De la Couleur by Efstratios Teriade, Editions da la revue Verve, 
Paris 1945.? Printed by Maitres-impremieurs draeger Freres, Paris.? In 
excellent condition, with bright fresh colors, printed on a full sheet.. 
Catalogue reference: Claude Duehuit, Henri Matisse: Catalogue raisonn, des 
ouvrages illustr,s, Paris, 1988, pg. 363, no. 47 (ill.) 
Literature: Alfred H. Barr, Jr. Matisse: His Art and His Public, The Museum 
of Modern Art, New York, 1951, pg. 275. 
Pierre Schneider, Matisse, Rizzoli, New York, 1984, pp. 373, 661; 
Homage ? TSriade, Grand Palais, Centre National d,Art Contemporain, Paris, 
1973, no. 62 (ill.); Henri Matisse: l,art du livre, Musee Matisse, Nice, 
1986, no. 99; 
Michel Anthonioz, Verve: The Ultimate Review of Art and Literature 
(1937-1960); Harry N. Abrams, New York, 1987, p. 151 (ill.) 
Image size: 13 3/4 x 10 3/8 inches 
Sheet size: 13 3/4 x 10 3/8 inches 

At the beginning of the 1940,s Matisse was starting to concentrate on the 
technique of using cut pape collages to create abstract color compositions.? 
The dense smooth colors and clear-cut shapes created a totally new artistic 
language for him.? It was in seeking to extend this concept that he began, 
under the encouragement of the publisher Teriade to experiment with using the 
same types of form created through stencil printing.? At first he used cut 
stencil shapes linked to lithography, and then move to? using the stencils 
with pochoir color for this removed problem of lithography diluting the color 
intensity. 

Matisse,s project was to create an album titled Jazz ? forms expressed 
through a brilliant highly emotional purity of vibrant color.? The first 
trials were made using lithography, and it was in this connection that the 
Icarus composition above was issued by Teriade in Verve as a form of 
publicity for the forthcoming album.? It is one of the great characteristic 
images of Matisse,s oeuvre of this period. 

Image 2: 

Roy Lichtenstein (American 1923-1997)?????????????????????????????????? 
$8,500.00 
COMPOSITION FOR THE SOLOMON R. GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM, 1969 
Original screenprint printed on Rives wove paper.? Signed and dated in pencil 
lower left "Lichtenstein 69."? From an edition of 250, numbered in pencil 
lower left "175/250."? Published by the artist and Leo Castelli Gallery, New 
York for the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York.? In excellent condition, 
with bright fresh colors, printed on a sheet with full margins. 
Catalogue reference: Catalogue Raisonne #83, Bianchini (1971) cat. no. 35 
Image size: 23 1/8 inches in diameter 
Sheet size: 28 3/4 x 28 3/4 inches 

This image was created for Lichtenstein's first solo exhibition in a New York 
Museum.? The image was also featured on the cover of the October 1969 issue 
of ARTnews magazine. 
? 
?
