Hello,

Your right it has been a long time since we have chatted.  Things are a change'n with my life.

First I just got back from a little (so called) vacation where Beth and I drove from West Palm Beach to Houston.  We did it over 3 days so it wasn't that bad.  Day one was a 10 hour hop from West Palm to Desitn, Fl.  You would have loved Destin, they have the most amazing sand on their beaches.  It kind of reminds me of Icing Sugar.  Very white and has a very fine texture, and I felt like I was sink right into the sand. www.holidayinndestin.com.  Next stop was in New Orleans, which ended up with lots of drinks and some pretty good Cajun food.  It took about 6 hrs to get there from Destin but the traffic was not that bad.  Next stop was in Houston (about 5.5 hrs) from New Orleans.  By now I'm sure you have asked yourself.."Why did they do this drive?"  And the obvious answer is because Beth is moving there.  She rented a really nice loft in down town Houston not far from Enron Field http://astros.mlb.com/NASApp/mlb/hou/ballpark/hou_ballpark_history.jsp.  She took a job with Enron Energy Service which is our retail company.  The bad thing is I'm not sure how I feel about having her work for the same company. The good thing is that she is in a different building than the Wholesale group so the chances of having my personal life and business life cross are low.  I guess this would kind of be like if we worked for Shell and I ran the Bulk dealer ship and she was responsible for exploration.  Not the same business but none-the-less for the same company.

Second,  It look like I am going to sell my house and probably end up moving to Houston as well.  Believe it or not this was not by design, just a mere coincident.  However, it has presented some tough questions.  Do I really want to move again? and Do I want to co-habitate?  Moving is the easy part, I'm starting to become an expert, and I was thinking about selling my house anyway.  As for co-habitating, the jury is still out.  Beth would have no problem with the idea, but, Cold feet McKay has mixed feeling.  Co-habiation is in the lead as it stands.

Third, What would you prefer I do with some of the goodie's you have let me borrow. ie Your beautiful dolls, the cabinets the dolls are in, the TV stand, you mirror, and the other few remaining items.  I thought I would store the dolls at Carol's, but I was unsure as to what your preference was for the other things.   I am going to sell everything I can and start over in Houston regardless my living plans (the only thing I'm going to try to take is my car).  If you want I can either try to get a fair price for you furniture or Stephen might be able to make good use of the TV Cabinet and other things.  Email me your phone number as I do not have it, and we can talk about what is best.

Anyway, good to hear you are getting some exercise (I am trying to do the same), and stay off the darts if you can.  If you cann't, reward yourself for trying!

Take care and I will talk to you in a couple of weeks.

Love,

Jon
