Last week you received the email announcing Enron's executive solicitation.  
The process for donating is very easy by simply clicking on the United Way 
link.  I did it myself!  Please make your donation this week and thank you to 
those that have already pledged.  

The Enron kick-off is next Wed and I ask you to encourage your groups to give 
to this worthy cause.  

Thanks.


Reminder - United Way Breakfast 

Please RSVP if you have not already done so.

Date:  Thursday, August 3, 2000 (hosted by Joe Sutton)
   or
  Friday, August 4, 2000 (hosted by Jeff Skilling)
Time:  7:45-9:00 a.m.
Location: DePelchin Children,s Center
  100 Sandman (near Memorial and Shepherd intersection)
RSVP:  Reply directly to this email or call Jessica Nunez, 853-1918 by 
Monday, July 31 
  
Transportation:    Bus will depart from the Enron Building (Andrews Street 
side) promptly at 7:30 a.m.  Bus transportation is encouraged, due to limited 
onsite parking. However, if you should need to drive, directions to DePelchin 
are below.


EXECUTIVE SOLICITATION

Executive Solicitation kicked-off on July 24 and is well underway. As you 
know, participation by Enron,s executive team is vital to the success of the 
campaign.  To make your contribution, please click on the United Way link, 
http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape 
and type in http://unitedway.enron.com in the address field.  Either option 
should take you to Enron,s United Way 2000 Campaign site where you should be 
able to make your pledge within minutes.  Please call Kathy Mayfield, Enron,s 
Campaign Coordinator at 713/853-3264 if you have difficulties at all 
accessing the site.

We look forward to seeing you next week!


Directions to DePelchin Children,s Center ) 100 Sandman (713-861-8136)

From Downtown Houston
? Take Prairie (which turns into Memorial) or Allen Parkway WEST to Shepherd.
? Turn RIGHT on Shepherd.
? Turn LEFT on Feagan (which is the first light after Memorial.)
? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.

From the Galleria Area
? Take 610 North to the Woodway/Memorial Exit. Exit and turn RIGHT on Woodway.
? Woodway will turn into Memorial and stay on Memorial until you see the 
Shepherd exit.
? Exit Shepherd and turn LEFT on Shepherd. 
? Turn LEFT on Feagan (which is the first light after Memorial.)
? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.

From North of Downtown
? Take 45 or 59 SOUTH to I-10.  Go WEST on I-10.
? Take the Shepherd/Durham exit and go through the Shepherd intersection to 
Durham.  Go SOUTH or LEFT under the freeway on Durham.
? Turn RIGHT on Feagan (which will be a light.)
? Turn LEFT on Sandman and drive down a couple of blocks.
