Hey girl,

What's going on?  It is truly a slow day over here.  So far, I really could have taken the day off and would not have missed anything.  Last night I had a date with my mother-in-law.  She's a member of a book club and they had their 3rd annual literary Gala last night at the Omni Hotel.  It was nice, but long.  The tickets said it started at 6:00 and I got their at 6:00.  The doggone ticket should have said cocktails at 6:00 and seating at 6:45.  I was tired of standing around waiting to be seated.  But, girl, Ms Thang felt so good last night.  I felt like a million dollars in my semi-formal attire.  After I left church, I went to one of my favorite stores, Chico's, and bought myself a nice dressy top to go with my floor length (not by design, I'm just not tall enough) black skirt.  The top that I bought set it off so nicely.  It was black, light brown and gold!  I wore my rhinestone choker and my rhinestone big hoop earrings, not the ones I wear all the time, but a new pair, much mo' flashy and my black high heel sandals that show all my foot.  Boy, I felt good about my appearance.  When I came out of the bedroom after getting dressed, Jordan said "Mommy.......you look pretty.  Made my evening.  Of course, Bozo the husband, didn't say one word.  But I felt good, I even had Jordan take some pictures of me, so we'll see how those come out (smile).  

We have severe plumbng problems I discovered when I got back home, Todd said the septic tank is stopped up, I have no idea what that really entails, but it must of been ugly.  He was pissed!

Looking forward to rehearsal tomorrow night, speaking of rehearsal, I was wondering where Samantha had been, and Poiter told me yesterday that she's back in school, so that's why she's hasn't been there.

How did your evening go last night?  We still need to talk, maybe we'll get a chance to visit tonight.  Todd already said he wasn't going to be home until around 11:00 p.m. on Mon, Tues, or Wed, of this week, due to Power Mart.  I said fine, have fun.  I am so bitter, I'm ready for a change too.  Right now, it doesn't seem like me and the boys would be missing much.  All we do is coordinate our schedules to see when we can schedule different, independent, activities.  Plus, I'm ready for a new house, clean break and new environment.

Oh well, talk with you later!

Thanking you in advance for disregarding any and all typos!
