Hey Guys!  I just got back from traveling two weeks in China, so I am now able to answer my emails.  A friend of mine here at Enron has a brother that lives in China and he got married to a Chinese national.  So I decided to join them for the wedding and sightseeing.  The sights were pretty amazing.  Great Wall, Forbidden City, Tianamen Square, etc.  Definitely culture shock though.  I know what it feels like to be a rock star now.  I was pretty much stared at wherever I went.  I am sure they think I look like a big nosed western devil freak.  The food wasn't as bad as I thought, although I did get the trots the last two days in country.  I knew I shouldn't have eaten the mutton.  

Fortunately I missed the flood of the century, Ernie!  I heard about it the first week in China.  Wasn't much I could do from China, so I just kept my fingers crossed and fortunately the house was safe and sound when I got back.  Some jackass drove up on my front yard and left some tire tracks.  There must have been high water in the street that he was trying to avoid.  Doooh!!

Other than that everything is going fine.  Doing the old dating thing!  Boy is that a ton of laughs.  Women at this age are definitely interesting.  I spend most of my time avoiding questions like, "Where is this relationship headed?"  Uh excuse me, but we only met last week!  

Congratulations, Paul on little Chloe.  I checked out the pics on your website and the family looks great.  Bieraugel you still look the same as the last time I saw you, but  Whoa, is that a little gray hair I saw on you Paul?  Oh well, we all have chinks in our armor.  Seriously though it is a beautiful family and I know it must be tough to be away from them.  Are you going to be staying in the Navy for awhile?  10 more years and you can retire eh!

Ernie,  Sounds like things are going well at work.  Congrats on the promo.  We definitely need to do a better job of getting together here in Houston.  You need to get the wife and we need to have dinner one night or something!  The Buick sounds prime.  240HP ought to take care of it.  Sounds better than the shaka-mobile.  What the hell ever happened to that car anyway?  I still love to tell stories about that car.  You can't beat a K-mart lawn chair for comfortable automobile seating.  Ernie, I think my focus is on the 5 series BMW.  Unfortunately my stock portfolio has delayed my auto purchase for awhile.

Let's pledge to all do better at keeping in touch.  It is great to hear from you guys.  We need to plan a little get together when you get back from sea.  It has been to damn long. Take care and be safe, Bruddas.  

Gerald
