Hi, Connie!!  Sorry I didn't get back to you on Friday.  Things got busy.  

The stock is still going down, but not as much.  It's at $13.92 right now, yippee!!!  I'm hoping all the skeletons are out of the closet now.  I guess I'll be working another 5 years or so -- I don't think the stock will get back to $45 or $50 until then.  There aren't any new businesses for Enron to get into to make the stock analysts excited.  All the money we're making in trading is apparently not doing it for them.  

Who knows what will happen to the executives who are still here?  It might be hard to get a concrete case against them.  I'm sure some of them are in the same boat as the rest of us.  Oh, news flash....ENE $13.80.....I think Wall Street wants Ken Lay's head on a platter.  I'm sure the stock analysts are really frustrated that Jeff Skilling isn't here anymore --- they would have gutted him.  Old Skilling is just grinning in his new River Oaks mansion.  I think I would gut him if I crossed paths with him.  I think I should sign up for anger management classes.  

As for my car purchase.... yes, I traded in my Land Cruiser for a Toyota Sequoia.  I got a really good deal on my trade-in and paid cash for the balance.  Two days later, Renato found out from his new boss that Renato's position was superfluous.  This boss is the only Entergy guy to survive the Entergy-Koch trading merger.  They put him in between Renato and his former boss, and this guy decided that they didn't need both of them.  Entergy-Koch is so small that there aren't any other comparable positions open.  The guys working for Renato are sick about it.  The upper management at Entergy-Koch has done a review of this Entergy guy since he told Renato to take a hike ---everyone, peers and employees, told management in the review process that the guy was a two-faced loser with zero personality. Of course, now, Renato has already signed off on his settlement agreement; plus, he'd never consider going back.  They are paying him through the end of the year and vesting him in all the savings plans.  They are also paying him a year's salary, and he's currently doing a consulting job for the pipeline.  He's been actively looking for a new job.  Hopefully, he'll find one, or I'll be working until I'm 70!!

Oh, well.  Maybe I'll have some good news next time.....

Susan
