DISCUSSION DRAFT




TO:  Enron Europe Employees 

FROM:  Fernley Dyson, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, EEL
  Sally Beck, Vice President ) Global Risk Management Operations 

SUBJECT: Trading Operations Resource for London


Enron Europe Ltd. has played a vital role over the last few years in the 
global expansion of  Enron,s  business.  Now, EEL is taking a strategic role 
in setting the standards for global operational performance.  Accordingly, 
EEL will work closely with Global Risk Management Operations to assess our 
operational policies, procedures and internal controls.  This will be a 
collaborative effort to establish and implement standards and measurements to 
be used world-wide.  This strategic initiative is critical to Enron,s 
performance, in insuring that trading operations services are delivered 
consistently across all commodities and all locations.  

We are very pleased to announce that effective April 10, 2000, Brent Price, 
Vice President of Global Risk  Management Operations, will office at Enron 
House, reporting to both of us.  Brent will have the responsibility and 
authority to facilitate this global initiative for Enron Europe.  Brent 
brings a wealth of operational and risk experience.  His most recent 
assignment included heading Gas Operations for Enron North America.  

Brent will have the responsibility to assist and guide us through the process 
of assessment and development of global operational standards and 
measurements.  This will include evaluating the operational processes, 
procedures and controls for all commodities and locations managed by EEL.  He 
will also advise us on any critical issues requiring immediate action to 
insure that we are fully aligned in  the delivery of global consistency 
throughout all of our operations.  He will work actively with the operations 
staff in Enron Europe to achieve this goal.  

(FERNLEY ) This would be a good spot to perhaps make a reference to the 
timing of Mike Jordan,s arrival and the role that Brent would play in his 
assimilation, assuming that when this goes out that you have already sent out 
an announcement about hiring Mike and his role.)

We ask your full co-operation in supporting Brent and the success of this 
initiative.  

We remain committed to our mutual efforts to develop our people, build 
business knowledge, leverage talent across locations and insure the integrity 
of our global services.
