Rahil will have a draft to me this afternoon, then he, Beth Apollo and I will meet tomorrow morning at 8:30 to discuss and revise.  I don't want to "mass mail" this on Friday.  (None of these guys will read it on Friday afternoon or over the weekend anyway.)  Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vickers and Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and power covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).  They will likely come up with questions that we have not thought of or where our presentation could be tweaked.  With revisions from this session, then it makes sense to set up one on one meetings with each orgination team (we spread the word to the whole team, rather than just hitting the origination lead).  We can start those next week and finish most next week.  I think that the logistics of any offsite would be difficult with schedules and I don't really think that we need one.    

Calgary will need a special message, and we may have to go to Calgary to deliver it.  You and I can discuss that in more detail.   Max will be in from Mexico on April 20, and Beth Apollo has already booked some time with him on that day for us to cover this information.  Laura Luce is here today and will be back in Houston next Wednesday, April 11.  I have booked time with her that afternoon to cover the presentation.  That will leave Portland as the other "out of towner" to schedule.  I am planning a trip there the next time that Stacey White heads up there.  Right now we are looking at April 17, 18 or 19.  We can send Chris info before that and plan to meet with him perhaps in conjunction with that trip that I need to make around our west power risk team.  I would  welcome your participation in any of the meetings here in Houston or on the trips that we will need to make.  You and I can discuss the appropriate make-up of the team for each of these presentations at lunch tomorrow.  

I think that this plan will be effective and will give us the best coverage and input.  Are you comfortable with this plan of attack?  --Sally 


From:	Greg Piper/ENRON@enronXgate on 04/05/2001 03:25 PM
To:	Sally Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:	Louise Kitchen/HOU/ECT@ECT, Rahil Jafry/ENRON@enronXgate 
Subject:	FW: Costs/Mid Back office commercialization

Why don't you and Rahil agree on the draft ASAP and then let Rahil send it out in draft form this Friday afternoon to all these individuals for their review and comments.  Rahil can work with these people directly next week on their comments.  Rahil is free from the day-to-day operations issues and has the time to push the product menu to the EA Originators.

We can still set up an offsite to finalize, but we need to get something out because these individuals are already out selling as we speak.

GP
