Rick:  

Thanks for the information on the task at hand regarding operational risk.  We will certainly name an appropriate person from Operations to be involved in this project, and will work with you to help in achieving your objectives.  There doesn't appear to be anyone from ETS on your distribution list.  Operational risk is broad and would seem to be present in all of Enron's businesses.  Is the initial focus simply on the "wholesale businesses", or is there an intent to make this enterprise-wide?  

I suspect that it would be helpful for all of us on the distribution list to have a context for the way in which you see this RAC initiative complementing, replacing, overlapping, or perhaps duplicating the work of EAS, AA's internal audit engagement, the critical self assessment process being piloted in London this year by the operations team in conjuction with the AA audits, Doorstep reviews, current operational risk reporting done by the various operations teams, and our major initiatives for EES tracked every other Thursday with you and Rick Causey.   Before we each choose our appropriate representatives from our respective areas, it might be constructive to cover this in a kick-off meeting with the addressees on your memo.  

I might also suggest that we work to clearly define roles and responsibilities at the beginning of this project.  The creation of a framework for quantifying enterprise-wide operational risk is perhaps different from the implementation of daily processes or systems that are used at the business unit levels.  As on other policies devised by RAC, it would seem that implementation of anything new to meet reporting requirements against the to-be-developed operational risk policy should rest with the appropriate business unit/functional area outside RAC.  The cross-functional team that will be formed is probably best used to give input to RAC in creating the policy, but may not necessarily be the right body for implementation of specific initiatives.  

Finally, the second bullet point in Wanda's list below is already being addressed through the project that you and I agreed upon in August to insure that information from all source systems to RisktRAC is complete, accurate and efficiently handled. As you and I discussed, this is a global effort spanning all commodities/all locations/all source systems.   We have formed a steering committee with appropriate project managers and have worked closely with Debbie Brackett in defining the scope, approach, key milestones, resource requirements and projected timeline (Project Greenlight).  A team of stakeholders from Operations, IT and Debbie Brackett will meet tomorrow in order to review the project plan with David Port and Bill Bradford for final input.  My assistant is working with yours to set up a meeting then for Debbie and me to review the work done to date and to review the proposed plan and timeline.   Assuming that you are comfortable with Project Greenlight when we review the details with you,  I think that it would be appropriate to take this item off of the Wanda's list.  We can certainly update the cross-functional team on efforts underway, but there is no need for a new team to focus on this bullet point.  

Sally
