Hey Dude,
 
Yeah the compnay is toast.  The story gets stranger every day.  Half of the Houston office was laid off early December.  More to come I am sure.  My group was purchased by UBS Warburg.  I am fortunate that they offered me a job.  A bunch of guys in my group were not.  I feel lucky, things could be much worse for me, but instead I have an opportunity to be part of a pretty impressive organization.  Work has a actually been a little strange, since the company had declared bankruptcy we litterally have nothing to do.  Since the first week of Dec, I've been going to work for maybe a couple hours a day, just hanging out, talking to the other guys, surfin the net.  It gives me the chance to take care of all the errand type stuff I normally don't have a chance to.  I've been cooking a lot, taking care of my backyard, sellin shit on ebay, stuff like that.  Some of the other traders have been reading trading books and stuff, but you know me...  By the way my permanent home email is now esaibi@houston.rr.com <mailto:esaibi@houston.rr.com>.
 
I got your card that you sent to Adnan.  Thanks.  I'm not sure if I told you, but I bought a house here a few months back.  When my Dad was planning to move here I thought it would be better to buy a place instead of renting a big apt.  It's brand new, location is pretty good in that it is near a lot of things.  Although the area right around here is a bit sketchy.  I figure it'll probably get better over time.  I hope things are going well for you.  When will you visit the U.S?  If you ever visit LA let me know.  I could always meet you there if you give me enough notice.  As you can imagine, airline tickets are pretty cheap these days.
 
Can you believe Khan is married?  It was kinda strange cuz I was pretty much the only one of his friends involved in the wedding.  His brother and family were able to show up for the ceremony at least.  That was good.  It was a bit difficult because my Dad passed away the morning of his wedding, but I knew I couldn't leave him then.  Khan has some pictures if he hasn't shown you any yet.  He sent me a couple.  Well I gotta go to bed soon.  I'll do a better job keeping in touch.  It's just been a little difficult lately, I'm sure you understand.  Don't work too hard.
 
Eric
 
6031 North Arrowana Lane
Houston, TX  77036
USA
 
Check out these links re: my ebay success.  I got some heat about the chron article.  They generally frown upon talking to the press at work.  This stuff actually has been selling far above what the articles say, insane!
 
<http://news.com.com/2100-1017-816781.html?legacy=cnet&tag=mn_hd>
 
<http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/story.hts/business/1215116>
