I am genuinely flattered that you are asking for my reading recommendations (not to mention being associated in any way, shape or form with Sam - How is Sam by the way?)  Truth be told, however, of late much of my reading material has been natural gas related and although the industry is riveting, I'm not sure that is exactly the kind of entertainment you had in mind.  However, I did read a book a few months ago that you might find rather interesting.  The title is The Professor and the Madman : A Tale of Murder, Insanity, and the Making of the Oxford English Dictionary.  I know it may sound a little dry at first glance, but I actually found it extremely interesting.  If you go to Amazon.com there are reviews on all of the books I've included here.  There are also a couple of other books I'm in the process of reading right now:  Galileo's Daughter : A Historical Memoir of Science, Faith, and Love and Eleanor of Aquitaine : A Life.  The Galileo book is a little slow to start, but has tons of interesting historical references, as does Eleanor of Aquitaine.  If I remember correctly, you always had a bit of a fondness for history.  I also read Memoirs of a Geisha last fall and couldn't put it down, although I have talked to others who didn't find it as enjoyable.  Personally, I was completely intrigued by the time period and uniqueness of Eastern culture, and the author was meticulous when it came to research for the book.
Hope this helps you out a bit.  As for the "Peacers" comment...Definitely think we are tested, but I think the tests are there to force us to recognize our own strength and endurance.  Contrary to God not knowing anything about us, I'm convinced he knows everything about us and has the unique ability to know when we've lost sight of our talents, character and/or zest for life.  It is at these moments life seems to hand us the upsets right?  But, in dealing with the upsets we come to a better understanding of who we are and what we have to offer the world (or on a much smaller scale, what we have to offer the people around us for whom we care the most).  Sorry, I know I'm getting excessively deep, but I've been doing a heck of a lot of thinking lately - and much of it at church. 
Disappointed you won't be able to join the gang in Austin over the fourth, but we'll be sure to raise our glasses in a toast to you.  And, I'll keep looking for you name on the Enron Field scoreboard.
Later,
Susan
