so this was my quote of the day.....

Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could
be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson, writer and philosopher (1803-1882)


wow, huh?

anyway, got your email with the articles for wahso...going to read them right now.  looks like i may be moving tomorrow, so i'll let you know what the future holds for me when i have a better idea.  

more importantly, i wanted to tell you how proud i am of you.  not only for striking out to park city on your own, but also for making the impression you obviously have on the people with whom you work.  it's often hard to see when you are the person in question, but i can tell you from my perspective that the people you work & associate with think very highly of you.  and, i'm thrilled that windy ridge vocalized their appreciation of you and your skills...definitely something you deserved to hear.  it is a great gift to be a person others have confidence in and want to be around, and those are qualities that you possess without question.  

driving into work this morning my sister called on the cell phone, said she had a special message for me...then mack and sally got on the phone and they sang happy birthday to me...i'm such a sap i couldn't help but to start tearing-up.  after they hung up i took a moment to examine where i am in my life right now, and i'm happy to report that i am pleased.  i tried to imagine my emotions had i decided to stay on w/ the group and i don't think my optimism would be nearly so great.  my point is this, sometimes not knowing exactly what the future holds frees you to imagine and dream of things you normally wouldn't.  so to you i say, the sky is the limit....dream, imagine, explore.  we are both going to do great things in and with our lives.  but what i think we need to realize is the scale of those things may be smaller (or even grander) than we'd imagined...point being,  we just need to try and be aware of those opportunities which come along every day that afford us those great moments be they large or small.

cheers!

suebob
