Good luck with the paper...I know how inspired you get when deadlines start approaching, so I'm sure it'll be fabulous.  Sorry about the pulled muscle.  What exactly does that do to the marathon plans?  Will you be able to compete still, or are you just going to hit all the wine stops now?  

I think you're right about Katy's move to Dallas. I have a feeling she's actually going to really like being there and working.  I pretty sure the folks are still helping out with living expenses, etc. so she won't have to make too big of an adjustment right off the bat.  

As for me, Seattle could definitely be a destination but it would require a job change.  Enron doesn't have any offices up there.  The closest office is Portland and for obvious and now unavoidable reasons I don't see a move there any time soon.  You are right about not being able to go wrong with a place possessing Austin-like qualities...they are highly desirable.

I will most certainly try to keep the September date open...it would be great to see Britney and Arden.  We had Susan E.'s bachelorette party Saturday night (plus a bridal shower earlier that day).  Lisa hosted Laura White's at the apartment the same night.  I got to see and visit with Jenny Kenair (sp?), Janie Pitman, Rachel Pack among others.  Very interesting.  The two bachelorette parties met up at Black Swan for late night dancing.  Lis was in rare form.  I knew it was bad when she ran up and started hugging me....I think she almost crushed Susan and Kelly.  Anyway, it was actually pretty fun and I've decided I really like Susan's sister Betsy...good sense of humor and not at all be-boppy.  I did manage to trick her into doing the V-I-C-T-O-R-Y cheer at Black Swan though.  I thought it was pretty darn funny myself...she was mortified when she realized I'd got her to do a cheer.

Once again...best of luck banging out your opus.  Talk to you soon.

Sue

If you're looking to procrastinate a little this evening you can give me a buzz on my cell.  I'd try calling 5 pm or after.
