Mine is sscott5_2000.  If you go to yahoo's home page you can try to install it yourself (eek!!!) or use the search on your computer (go to Start..Search...For Files or Folders) and type in Yahoo Messenger.  If you still have it on your computer it will show up in the search area and you can just double click on it...that should bring it up.

I'm doing alright.  And you hit the nail on the head with the Josh comment....that's exactly what I've been reminded of.  That feeling of uncertainty...loss of youthful bravado, sadness, injured sense of security...all of it.  Everyone in the Scott household is fine.  Dad actually flew over NY yesterday morning before the first plane hit.  He was coming from Manchester, NH.  He said is was an absolutely beautiful day and that they flew right over Central Park...no idea how dramatically that skyline would change.  The first they heard of the events that they must have just missed was when they landed in Nashville.  He's still in Nashville right now obviously, but he's okay and that's what's important.  I'm hoping with the limited flights they're allowing that Dad will be able to make it back to Houston soon, but it appears the FAA's just trying to get the passengers who are stranded back home so he may just be stuck somewhere else as a result.  Chuck and Chris were supposed to fly out tomorrow morning from Seoul but they too have been delayed - indefinitely.  The Army has put a hold on all duty station transfers which means we have no idea when they'll be leaving Korea or where exactly Chuck will be going.  The stories and connections of the people on the news and those around me is horrifying and deeply saddening.  A large number of people we do business with are based in NY and have lost countless friends and colleagues in the WTC's destruction.  Chuck has some pledge brother's who are working up there, but we've heard that both of them are okay. 

I wish you were back home as well....I was on the phone with my Mom off and on all day yesterday and I must say it would've been nice to been back home on the couch with her.  I did talk to Jen yesterday worried about LA and what was going on there, but she was fine as well.  She said they'd shut down the airport and several major roads surrounding it, but nothing else of concern.

We evacuated the Enron building around 9:30 yesterday morning...it was disconcerting.  I walked down the 32 flights of stairs to get to my parking garage and had only one desire...to get out of downtown.  There were rumors flying that Houston was another target and given the size of our building, our international presence (esp. in regards to oil/natural gas) and our CEO's connections to the President...I think everyone figured Enron would be a logical target.  Fortunately, those fears were unfounded.

On a lighter note...I'm very anxious to hear all about your marathon experience...including the trip there.  Sounds like it was a doozey.

Love ya,
Sue
