The email was titled "nothing bad..." so you wouldn't immediately trash it for fear I was dispensing some more of Susan's homespun wisdom.  I know you can't get enough of that stuff.  As for the revenue generation, I've heard what a boon the Ag group has been to EGM.  From what I understand you guys are carrying the rest of that company on your backs...keep up the good work!  And yes, the world you live in does revolve around you Ted, it's just that no one else lives in that world besides you so it stands to reason that would be the case.  Your welcome for the email.  I really am happy for you that things seem to be going well and that you appear to be enjoying what you're doing (I haven't heard any of the "when I grow up I want to be a ....." comments out of you in a while, a sure sign of contentment and maturity - okay burgeoning maturity).  In regards to trading, I am absolutely loving it.  I've been on EOL for a little over a month now (although my trades go into one of the other trader's books for the time being...I should get my own in a couple months) and am really enjoying the new life/perks this job allows.  Case in point, took my Mom to see Hakeem's last game with the Rockets on one of the brokers (center court seats...she was thrilled) and am off to Vegas this weekend to "meet" with some of the power traders from Portland.  So much for the 16-18 hour days I was dealing with for a year or so there...given present circumstances it was all worth it.

No need to "let me of the hook" for my candor last night, I meant everything I said and I wanted you to hear those things.  In a quest to be an oh so witty smart-ass, sometimes I forget to just tell people what I think/feel...always catches up to me in hind-sight and if the opportunity presents itself for me to rectify that then I don't believe in passing it up.  Contrary to what you may think, I'm a big girl who thinks for herself and always acts on her own volition.  And I think I either mumbled last night or your hearing is starting to go in your old age, but I said "clod" not "god"...subtle but important difference.

Shorty

- You missed an impressive dancing display at Sierra's last night...I think I may have frightened some people.





Ted Noble
04/19/2001 10:06 AM
To:	Susan M Scott/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:	 
Subject:	Re: Nothing bad...   

Why would you have to title an email "nothing bad...".  Personally, I was disappointed I wasn't promoted to MD because I have brought in so much revenue for Enron and as we know the entire world revolves around me.  Thanks on the email and how is trading going?  Also, I appreciate your candor last night (you didn't think I would let you off the hook completely did you) and thanks for calling me a god.  It was flattering. 




Susan M Scott
04/19/2001 07:53 AM
To:	Ted Noble/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:	 
Subject:	Nothing bad...

Congrats on the promotion.  I was a little suprised it was only to manager...I remember you saying something once about jumping straight to Director.  All things in due time, right?







<Embedded StdOleLink>
