Looks fine,  except it should read Government   in heading rather than " 
governtal. Thanks.




John Sherriff@ECT
04/09/2001 12:40 PM
To: Eric Shaw/LON/ECT@ECT, Richard Lewis/LON/ECT, Joseph P 
Hirl/AP/ENRON@ENRON, Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron@Enron, Michael R Brown/LON/ECT
cc:  

Subject: Enron Europe Governtal & Regulatory Affairs Organization Announcement


Richard Lewis, Eric Shaw, Joe Hirl, Rick Shapiro, Michael Brown

Please review the attached draft org annoucement and send me your comments.   
Mark - please let me know once
we have spoken to the five senior managers in your group as we do not want to 
send this out until either you, Michael or
I have spoken to them about this structure.


Draft

After nearly five years in London, Mark Schroeder will be returning to the US 
on April 11th to join the North American Coal Business with responsibility 
for origination in the utility sector.  Under Mark,s leadership, his team has 
made significant contributions towards Enron Europe,s &first mover8 advantage 
and its status as the leading new entrant in the liberalizing pan)European 
energy markets.  We wish him well in his new commercial role. 

With Mark,s departure, the day-to-day management of the Government & 
Regulatory Affairs Department in Europe will rest with Peter Styles, Paul 
Dawson, Paul Hennemeyer, and Doug Wood.  Nick O,Day will continue in his 
current leadership capacity in Japan.  Each of these five individuals and 
their groups will now jointly report to the business heads and to Rick 
Shapiro, in the Government Affairs team in Houston. Rick Shapiro will 
continue to manage Government Affairs for the Americas. 

Peter Styles, based in Brussels, will continue to have responsibilty for our 
EU and Netherlands advocacy.   Paul Hennemeyer will lead efforts in the 
German speaking countries (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) as well as France 
and Belgium.  Peter and Paul will report to Eric Shaw.  While secunded to the 
commercial team in France, Philip Davies will address Nordic market issues on 
an ad hoc basis and also report to Paul on these issues.  

Paul Dawson will lead our UK, Spain and Italian power regulatory efforts as 
well as the gas regulatory work in the UK.  Doug Wood will support the 
Continental Gas team and the Central and Southeastern Europe Origination 
efforts, while also addressing the UK Climate Change Levy.  Paul and Doug 
will report to Richard Lewis locally.

Nick O,Day will also continue to report to Joe Hirl in Japan.  

Other regulatory support provided by Mark Schroder will be addressed in 
another organizational announcement that will be sent
out from Governmental Affairs in Houston.  Attached is the revised 
organization chart that now reflects the Governmental & Regulatory Affairs 
organization in Enron Europe.

John Sherriff & Michael Brown
