Anna - You're stoked on the song thing. You'll never guess how cool mine is 
though. It's "Don't go breakin' my heart" by Elton John and Kiki Dee! 
Remember the song he sang with Minnie Mouse on that Disney video we used to 
watch all the time? I LOVE that song. Anyway, I had already started a reply 
to your previous e-mail, so I'll just send it along with this one.....

I love you madly and dearly! You're the only one who's managed to say 
anything of worth about this whole incidence. Amber and Molly stared at me 
blankly and said something like, "Don't be so overly dramatic," and then 
rationalized the whole thing saying he was probably tired and needed to hang 
out with his friend who just broke up with his long term girlfriend and blah 
blah blah. It was really disappointing that they didn't understand the 
importance of NEVER being rational when it comes to men. It was so not fun. 
But I was really proud of myself, because I left work fuming, on the verge of 
tears, and by the time I got home I was smiling and joking with Amber and 
Molly about how schnockered they had been the night before. Then Molly and I 
took a big long walk and got awesome Thai food, brought it home, and watched 
the Thursday night line-up. All in all, it was a very successful evening 
WITHOUT runner man, whose name by the way is Dave. (Take one point off for 
that.) And guess what? He ended up calling at about 8:30. Molly was on the 
other line and neglected to answer the call or tell me there might be a 
message, so awhile later when I got a call from Jill, Dave's friend's 
girlfriend who I'm also friends with (this all gets very complicated), I was 
very confused that she asked me to go out for a beer with "us." I just 
assumed she was with her boyfriend and Dave, and made up some sweet excuse 
about how I had just eaten and was too full to move, because I was like, no 
way is that guy going to have his lackeys call me and expect me to show up. 
NO WAY! So that was that....or so I thought. At about 10 p.m., runner man 
himself calls, and basically admits that he's psycho for cancelling our date 
and then calling me all night long. Ya think?! Anyway, he tells me he was in 
this enormously bad mood after work and had to sweat it out on a bike ride 
and didn't want me to see him in such a bad state. I still thought it was a 
lame excuse and that once you'd reached the ripe age of 31 you should be 
smart enough to just say something instead of lamely ditch someone. So I told 
him that, and he said he agreed and could he please come over and make me and 
my roommates dinner and finish mowing our lawn (which he had started the 
other night when he was over) to make it up to me. I told him if he did that 
he might bring his balance back to zero instead of being in the read which is 
where he is now. (that's finance lingo) Anyway, the plan is he's going to 
come over and help me make salads and bread and drinks for like 20 people who 
we somewhere along the way invited to our house tonight, although I don't 
remember doing that. Anna, you have to stay with me one night when you're 
home in June because it's a constant riot. I won't go into some of the things 
Amber did the other night right now, but I'll tell you soon so you can swap 
stories when you see her. By the way, she snagged an armload of my clothes, 
actually most of which were yours, to wear at fancy dinners in Denver, so if 
you see anything you want back, just let her know. I think it's just that red 
Laundry shirt and the REALLY short black bcbg skirt. Hey guess what - I have 
to go. I'll call you tonight!

Take care, 
kate




Anna Symes <annas@cobs.edu> on 03/23/2001 08:06:18 AM
To: "'Kate.Symes@enron.com'" <Kate.Symes@enron.com>
cc:  

Subject: RE:


That sucks, Kate.  I bet that isn't the last we'll be seeing of Mr. Running
Man, though.  First of all, who gets scared off by drunk roommates?  If
anything it should be a relief to him that he doesn't need to impress any of
your clan.  Second, it sounds like the classic insecure blow-off to me.  If
you think back, you'll probably remember a couple of instances in which your
demeanor/comments/facial expression may have sent him the message that he is
the stupidest thing on God's green earth.  I know this because I have the
same habit.  So he probably went home, mulled over those few devastating
instances, and came to the conclusion that you're not that into it.  And
being a man (only men and Symes's do this), he cancelled on you before you
had the chance to crush his ego once again.  Am I right?  I think so.

Tentatively planning on going out with Amber and Monica on Saturday night.
I'm mad that I'm hanging out with your roommate before I get to hang out
with you!  Monica and I are thinking of splitting your ticket, since we know
you'll never save the money (like I should talk).  You have to come out
here, though.  It's about 67 degrees right now and it's 9:00 in the morning
on a day in March.  I can't believe how happy this sun makes me!  You would
love it, too.

Okay, feel better, and don't sweat the stupid running guy.  If he thinks
he's not worthy of you, chances are he's not.  A stiff margarita will make
this whole problem a lot more manageable, don't you think?  You should go
have one.  Love you!

Luego,
Anna
