I must know why your roommates are so scary! Mine - well, that's just 
obvious. Oh, and since we last e-mailed, Molly has gone out and landed 
herself a full-fledged boyfriend. Anything to avoid getting a job. He's a 
"natural healer" and he's also had "an experience with Jesus," so this one 
should be REALLY interesting. Amber and I had a few drinks last night and 
basically pretended like nothing happened - it's easier that way. We both 
know there's no real friendship to salvage, so keeping it strictly in the 
bars is the smartest thing to do. And Anna, don't think for a minute that my 
description of life in Portland is exciting or cultured or romantic, cause 
it's pretty much the polar opposite of all those things. I've been so tired 
this week that I've been spouting out sentences like "The red computer needs 
to climb my shoelaces and the people riding the dinosaurs are wrong." It's 
definitely been interesting. I'm on my way to sushi with a few people right 
now, but of course I can see my reflection in my forehead and my hair looks 
like a sad, sad, small animal. Super! Maybe I'll meet the man of my dreams. 
I'll tell you, Anna - I know you've got scary clashing dresser man, but 
sometimes from the single person's point of view, that doesn't look so bad. 
Hang in there - and call me soon!

Love,
Kate
503-288-6546




Anna Symes <annas@cobs.edu> on 02/23/2001 04:08:25 PM
To: "'Kate.Symes@enron.com'" <Kate.Symes@enron.com>
cc:  

Subject: 


Hey buttface!

Wow - it actually sounds like your roommate problems may be comparable to
mine (except that you probably don't fear for your life quite as much).  Who
is paying for Amber to come to Denver?  It sounds like she might be a little
out of her mind right now, but at least she's not going back to Chris just
yet.  So are you going to Seattle this weekend?  That sounds so fun!  I am
so jealous - parties, dinners, wine, men.  You and I are NOT living the same
life right now.  I am in the process of trying to break things off with the
ugly dresser, which was proving to be difficult until last night, when I
made the mistake of letting him come to a movie with Michelle and I.  Kate,
I was scared.  It was dark and I was surrounded by the two most psycho
people I know.  Josh talked through the whole thing and laughed at
inappropriate moments and tried to hold my hand at one point.  It was
excruciating!  It made Michelle look almost normal.

Not much else going on.  I'll call you this weekend, okay?  We need to dish.

Luego,
Anna
