It looks like I'll be able to get back on Sunday.  I was originally scheduled to fly back yesterday (Wednesday) but of course all the flights were cancelled yesterday and today.  With luck they'll be back up to full schedules by Sunday when I have a reservation.  I'll let you know if that changes.  

It's interesting to hear what your reactions were since they very closely parallel my own.  I heard as I was coming back into the office after lunch on Tuesday and there was a small group standing around a computer screen watching an internet news feed.  My first reaction was that it had to be some kind of elaborate internet hoax and I still have a sense of disbelief.  I dread my next trip to New York when I will have to see the skyline with my own eyes.  Linda and Amanda are also stranded here and they tend to spend a lot of time watching the news.  After the first hour or so I just couldn't bear to watch and preferred to check in now and then for updates.  But then what else was there to do except sit and be stunned.  Even today it's still hard to concentrate on much of anything.  I guess in a sense I'm lucky that I have work matters to keep me busy.  Unfortunately, some are directly related to the tragedy.  There's no doubt the world changed on Tuesday and this will always be with us in some way.

All sorts of odd thoughts keep coming to mind.  I have wondered several times if Dad remembers when he and I went into one of the towers (it must have been when they were quite new) and tried to get to the top to see the view.  We were told there was no public observation area so we just took an elevator up as far as we could get and got out on a floor that was still under construction and went over to the windows to marvel at the view.  Remember the view from my apartment in New York?  And I was on the QE2 the last time it will ever go past those buildings (forgive the bad grammar but you know what I mean).

We're going to try and have as good a time as possible here.  I'm working during the days and joining Linda and Amanda for dinner in the evening.  Tomorrow we're going to see a West End musical.  Saturday we'll probably go to a couple of museums.  Hope you are keeping well.

Love, Mark
