Mr. Nimocks,

Greg has decided that he would like to do the 90-minute panel.

Many Thanks,

Liz Taylor




"Bob Nimocks" <bnimocks@zeusdevelopment.com> on 08/23/2000 09:05:45 AM
To: <Greg.Whalley@enron.com>
cc:  
Subject: RE: FW: Interactive Energy Keynote Session


Liz,

We're considering one of two options:

In the first, Greg would make an independent 20 to 25-minute presentation
followed with 10 to 15 minutes of Q&A. Tim Ling, chairman of TradeRanger,
will open the keynote session at 8:10 with a discussion of the evolution of
his procurement hub and how he and his senior management team intend to
manage fourteen disparate buying organizations through one e-marketplace
representing $120 billion in annual spending.  Tim will be followed by a
McKinsey director, likely to be Ron Hulme or Scott Nyquist, who will discuss
e-business strategy conclusions that McKinsey has drawn concerning the
energy industry.  Greg will then follow in the lineup depending on whether
we start upstream and move down, or vice versa.  We finish at 11:00.

In the second option, Greg would participate in a 90-minute panel with two
to three other executives and moderated by the director from McKinsey. Under
this scenario, Ling opens and is followed by the McKinsey presentation.  The
director then will moderate a panel of three to four executives: Greg; John
Leggate, Group Vice President, IT at BP; Greg Vesey, head of e-business at
Texaco; and/or Brad Kitterman, VP North America, Schlumberger Resource
Management Services.   Each executive would have 10-15 minutes to discuss
his business model and the key issues that the industry must consider during
the next year, followed by Q&A to the entire panel.

Let me know if Greg has a preference to one of these two scenarios and we'll
try to accommodate it.

About the audience:
The audience is consistently made up of a confluence of energy and
technology executives.  About 30% will be comprised of energy professionals
interested in wholesale and retail trading.  For example, we already have
some 70 European gas and electricity executives scheduled to attend.
Cisco's London Office is arranging a Pan American tour for these executives
with a stop at Interactive Energy. Many other wholesale and retail merchants
will also be in attendance, including some large industrial buyers.  Heads
of energy procurement from Ford, United Technologies and e-Mall's (an
eight-state buying consortium's) have attended in the past.

Please let me know if you have further questions.

Thanks,

Bob
