Hey Lyndon!  Very glad to finally hear from you.  Sounds like you are happy back in Austrailia!  I would love to see it sometime.  Unless things change between now and January, some of us are suppose to be on the Poly on January 6th.  We have booked our trip and the pictures of the beaches on St. Martin look fabulous.  We are going in on the 3rd to stay a few days before we get on the boat.  I hope you are there.  Although I would understand if you stayed where you are!  Keep me posted on your plans - whether you stay in Austrailia or go back to work on the Poly.

As for the recent tragedies here, I am so very lucky that no one really close to me was killed.  I actually flew in from Denver on Monday night, just in time not to get stuck there.  One of my very good friends was suppose to be in the WTC, worked on the 105th floor of tower one on monday and was called back to Houston for a meeting tuesday.  Flew out of Laguardia at 7:30 am tuesday morning.  That meeting saved his life.  I am so glad that he had that meeting.  I would have been devasted if something had happened to him.  However, all of the people in their offices there are missing.  He is very sad but greatful to be alive.  It does make you think about what you are doing with your life and what is important but I don't think it will make me stop traveling or doing the things that I love to do.  It is sad that this thing has already affected our freedom, some more so than others.  Most things won't be as easy as they once were - but I guess that ease and freedom were taken for granted.  I also can't believe that someone could come in and do so much harm to innocent people.  And I don't know what should be done to stop such things from happening in the future.  Can I just run away to the beach and ignore it?  It's a good thing that not everyone has that attitude!  

Anyway,  I am glad to hear that you are well and having fun.  I am doing the same - just here in ugly Houston for now!  I think that my trip to Aruba for October has changed so I better get something planned before the end of the year!   Please let me know if you are back in the states and if you go back to the Poly.  Oh, and thanks for the picture!

Take care,

Love, K2

ps.  I have another email address at home.  It is kward1@houston.rr.com
