Nikki,

Hope you're doing well and continuing to enjoy Newport...My friend lives down there in Huntington Beach (watch out for him!), he moved down there about 3 months ago.  I have been planning on visiting him for a while.  I wouldn't mind getting your perspective on the city as well when I come down.  Last time I was in LA, I spent a fair amount of time on the Strip and around Hollywood before heading home.  Another guy I know down there works at the House of Blues and got me tickets to Taj Mahal--Steven Segal came out and played guitar with them at the end (the guy was NOT good)--which was nice.  Also, one of my neighbors from college works on the Maury Povich show (I think).  So, I definitely need to go down there for a visit.  I will be in Sacramento towards the end of July (16th thru 18th) and then am planning to get down to LA right at the start of August for work and perhaps a bit of goofing off.  So whatever, if I make it down there it should be a decent time.

Sorry to hear about the possible cancelation of the trip to Portland, hope you can make it (though the deck seems stacked against you this time around).  I will plan for you to be here (so you wouldn't be stuck in a hotel), but don't worry if you can't get here on the 3rd.  Plenty of time for that, as the sun should be out for a while (til October anyway). 

I was knocking around going snowboarding up at Timberline on Saturday (get a few runs in before 10), but I am leaning towards a trip around Mt. St. Helens on my bike instead.  It's supposed to be around 80 and sunny here on Saturday and you can't pass such weekends up.  St. Helens should be gorgeous and since we are in the middle of a drought in the Northwest I want to check out the level of the resevoirs up in the mountains.  We'll see though, either way I will be getting up early to catch the sunrise in the mountains.

So work was solid today, got just about everything accomplished that I wanted to.  No one brought me lunch after working the night shift...but what can you do?  

Anyway, hope the funeral goes well (you know...as it can), and keep me posted on when/if you might get up to Portland.  Oh.  And as for a picture, I'll see what I can do.  Brendan's got a couple, but I don't have any that I can pop on the web right now and send down to you.  I admit, I have been called an Ogre before (I am a bit of a taller, bigger fellow on the soccer field--and some forwards have unresolved issues concerning it), but...well...Brendan should be able to fill you in.  Like I said I will see what I can do about a picture.
Enjoy your time in LA,
And take care.

Bill
