FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
03/13/2001 11:30 AM 

GOVERNOR DAVIS UNVEILS 20/20 ENERGY REBATE 
PROGRAM FOR SUMMER 2001
SACRAMENTO 
California ratepayers will receive a 20 percent rebate on their summer 
electric bill if they cut back their electricity use by 20 percent over last 
summer's levels under a new initiative unveiled by Governor Davis today.
The "20/20" program, created by the Governor under executive order, is 
designed to help the state avoid the likelihood of blackouts this summer and 
reward consumers who significantly conserve energy. In addition, it could 
save the state up to $1.3 billion in power costs by reducing the amount of 
electricity the state must buy during expensive summer peak periods.
? ?AThis program helps us take control of our own energy destiny,? ?_ Governor 
Davis said. ? ?AWe will save money and reduce costs to consumers. The 20/20 
program will save up to 2,200 megawatts during the summer peak period. 
That? ?vs power the state won? ?vt have to purchase. Instead of paying 
exorbitant rates to out-of-state generators, I? ?vd rather pay California 
consumers to conserve.? ?_ 
The voluntary program is designed to cover all households and businesses in 
California. Under the Governor? ?vs plan, customers will receive a 20 percent 
rebate on Summer 2001 bills if they achieve 20 percent or greater reduction 
in electricity consumption between June and September versus last year. 
Residential and small commercial rebates will be based on 20 percent 
reduction of total 
consumption, while commercial and industrial customer rebates will be based 
on 20 percent reduction of peak load. 
Rebates will be issued at the end of the June-September period.
The 20/20 program for Summer 2001 is a major component of Governor Davis? ?v 
comprehensive energy efficiency and demand reduction program. Since January, 
Governor Davis has instituted conservation measures to help Californians 
conserve energy, including: 
Directing more than $800 million for programs to improve conservation and 
efficiency. 
Implementing aggressive conservation measures in state buildings, resulting 
in about 200 MW of savings during energy emergencies. 
Developing a comprehensive outreach and education campaign to reach 
businesses, 
organizations, and millions of California consumers. 
Partnering with other governmental entities, including school districts to 
ensure that all 475 cities, 58 counties, and 8,300 schools in California 
reduce consumption. 
Adopting the strongest energy efficiency standards in the world for 
residential and non-residential buildings and appliances. 
Incorporating energy efficient, sustainable building designs in new state 
building projects. 
Issuing 15 Governor's Executive Orders on energy. 



































PR01: 090
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
03/13/2001 8:00 AM 

CALIFORNIA RECEIVES FIRST 
PEAKER POWER PLANT PROPOSALS
SACRAMENTO 
Governor Gray Davis announced that the first two proposals for power plants 
to provide electricity at peak use times this summer have been received by 
the California Energy Commission.
"We are doing everything we can to greatly streamline the time it takes to 
get new generation up and running this summer," Governor Davis said. "These 
new peaker proposals are examples of our determination to meet California's 
energy challenge."
A 90-megawatt plant called the Larkspur Energy Facility would be located in 
the Otay Mesa area of the City of San Diego, at the corner of Harvest Road 
and Otay Mesa Road. 
The second proposal is for the Indigo Energy Facility, a 135-megawatt plant 
that would be located near an existing wind generating facility in the City 
of Palm Springs in Riverside County. The project is north of Interstate 10, 
on 19th Avenue, east of North Indian Avenue. 
Both projects use natural gas-fueled simple-cycle turbine generators equipped 
with state of the art air pollution control features. They are being proposed 
by Wildflower Energy LP, a Houston, Texas-based company. The two projects are 
part of the Independent System Operator's reliability generation agreements 
planned to come on-line this summer.
On February 8, 2001, Governor Davis directed the Energy Commission to use its 
emergency power plant permitting authority to permit new peaking and 
renewable power plants that can be on-line by July 31, 2001. The emergency 
permitting authority extended to peaker projects that have ISO contracts and 
have not begun the licensing process with the local jurisdictions. Peaker 
power plants are simple cycle generators that can be constructed in a 
relatively small area and can readily connect to the existing electricity 
transmission and natural gas system. 
The Energy Commission review of the proposed projects will include site tours 
and informational hearings in both local areas. Both applications are 
currently under review by Energy Commission staff for data adequacy. Once 
they are accepted as data adequate, the Energy Commission plans to expedite 
the licensing process under its emergency process to approve projects in as 
soon as 21 days. 
Provisions of the California Environmental Quality Act do not apply to 
emergency power plant projects.
