Let's do it. I'll do my darnedest to make it.

Best,
Jeff



	Jennifer Thome
	06/20/2001 02:59 PM
		 
		 To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron
		 cc: 
		 Subject: Meeting with CERA next week







Jeff:

As I told you I was planning to do, I have arranged a meeting with CERA next 
week (I will be in town for the infrastructure conference) on Wednesday, June 
27 at 9am in the Enron office.  We will meet with Mike and Peter (see bios 
below). Please let me know ASAP if this does not work for you.  I explained 
to Mike that we really appreciate their research and just wanted a quick 
meeting with them face to face.

Jennifer



Michael Zenker 
Director, Western North America Energy 
Oakland, CA 

Michael Zenker has over 15 years, experience in the energy industry. He is an 
expert on wholesale electricity and natural gas markets in western North 
America. Mr. Zenker has extensive experience with California,s new 
electricity market and with power generation strategy and asset divestiture. 
He has assisted clients with retail marketing strategies and in procuring gas 
and electricity, and gas and electric transmission capacity. Mr. Zenker was 
most recently the Manager of Energy Trading at Southern California Edison, 
where he was responsible for electricity and gas trading, and dispatching 
Edison,s nuclear, coal, gas/oil, hydro, and power contract resources. He was 
also responsible for natural gas transportation and storage at Southern 
California Edison. Mr. Zenker holds an MBA and a BS in Nuclear Engineering 
from the University of California. 





Peter F. Moritzburke 
Associate 
Oakland, CA 

Western North American energy 
Western power markets 
Western and regional market dynamics 
Western wholesale electricity markets 
Generation asset divestiture 
Generation asset values 
Western fundamentals analysis 
Peter Moritzburke specializes in the analysis of western US electricity and 
gas markets and evolving regional energy market dynamics. He has experience 
in analyzing both US and Latin American energy markets. Prior to joining CERA 
he worked with the Independent Energy Producers Association in California 
assisting in negotiations of agreements for the Western Power Exchange 
(WEPEX). Mr. Moritzburke holds a master's degree and a BA from the University 
of California.
