Cool--my law beanie is getting a little tight lately.  Stan communicated to 
Oneok that we want to keep the dialogue going and that arbitrating the 
measurement issue is necessary so we can clear it out of the way and allow 
everyone to focus on bigger issues.  I don't know if they bought it, but if 
we approach them (maybe at the Stan level) with potential business deals it 
will tend to validate the message Stan sent them.  We haven't heard anything 
since we launched the arbitration on Friday, so I'm not sure if they are 
ballistic or not.  Given Stan's message to them (Kathy--pls forward Stan's 
letter to Jeff) I think he ought to either raise the West Texas line himself 
or else tee it up by calling his counterparts and letting them know what were 
up to so there is no confusion.  Maybe you or Harris could bring it up at the 
Mon. meeting or sooner if necessary.   Let me know if you want me involved in 
that conversation.  Thanks. df


From: Jeffery Fawcett/ENRON@enronxgate on 02/27/2001 02:54 PM
To: Drew Fossum/ET&S/Enron@ENRON
cc:  

Subject: Pemex-Enron Project

Drew,
Here's a chance to wear your honorary Marketing beanie.  If you read the note 
below, we're engaged in very preliminary conversations with PEMEX with the 
idea that maybe TW/NNG could offer a viable alternative to EPNG to move gas 
into Mexico through the Samalayuca lateral (commencement point located 
approx. 50 miles east of the city of El Paso).  New construction would 
involve approx. 150 miles of pipeline and associated compression to tie into 
the existing TW/NNG systems near Waha.  Notwithstanding PEMEX's desire to 
move off EPNG for a portion of the load, I don't think the economics will 
work. 

However, KN Energy (now Kinder) used to own a line they acquired through 
Westar (they acquired it from El Paso Products Co.) that runs from Waha 
westward to a point near the city of El Paso.  It's primarily a 20" line, and 
it currently serves El Paso Electric Co. and several directly connected 
industrial customers.  As a KN operation, it typically didn't run full.  I 
see the acquisition of this line as one possible way we could serve both the 
existing markets as well as incremental volumes to PEMEX at a rate that might 
work for them.  I completely spaced on the fact that Kinder sold many of its 
south system assets (including this West Texas line) to Oneok last year.  If 
we are to pursue this idea, then we're forced to dealing with Oneok.

I know that we're in deep dog poo with Oneok right now regarding Bushton.  My 
question is, are we in any kind of position to talk to Oneok about this 
asset, considering  the legal status of our dispute at Bushton?  Also, does 
our desire (potentially) to own this asset create any kind of negotiating 
currency with Oneok on the Bushton issue?

I'd appreciate your thoughts.  We're due to have Pemex in our offices next 
week.   Thanks!
