Account Manager / Director	
	
	
Essential Functions 	
Through the use of financial derivative products, create new transportation services to match the needs of shippers while managing appropriate risk levels. Establish and maintain close working relationships with the supply and marketing divisions of the customer utilities and marketing companies. Have a complete understanding of market trends and needs with the ability to serve the LDC, electrical utility and other end user markets through the development of new products and services and existing transportation service offerings. Negotiate and structure complex agreements for transportation, supply connection and/or market connection. Facilitate market expansion projects to meet customer and company objectives. Locate, evaluate and successfully negotiate the purchase of pipeline assets to maximize TW's throughput capabilities while offering access to new markets and supply areas. Desired project development requires multi-disciplined industry knowledge i.e.; cogeneration, communications, natural gas, electricity, and alternative fuels. Manage the administration of the deal completion process and facilitate the customer's understanding of complex transportation deals. Assist customers in the interpretations of Transwestern tariffs and procedures.	
	
Essential Requirements 	
Business related undergraduate degree (MBA a plus) and 5+ years experience with business development in the energy industry. Experience in derivatives, risk management, futures contracts and physical and/or financial trading is required. Proven knowledge of the natural gas and electricity industries and regulatory issues affecting the energy industry with a strong orientation to the Western U.S. a plus. In-depth experience with desktop (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and financial modeling software.	
	
Special Characteristics 	
Must be comfortable in a self-directed, cross-functional team environment. Requires the ability to develop, lead and/or participate in complex business transactions. Effective in building relationships and drawing on internal/external expertise to administer and execute deals. Able to properly manage risk and costs and conceptualize new solutions that are appealing to the market and profitable for ETS. Frequent travel (25 - 50%) for meetings with customers, negotiations and development activities may be required. Knowledge in electrical trading and engineering a plus. 	
	
	
	

Additional Information	
Company: TRANSWESTERN PIPELINE CO	
Department: ETS COMMERCIAL TW	
Recruiter: Fagan, Francine D (Fran)	
Recruiter's e-mail: fran.fagan@enron.com	
Secondary Recruiter: Scott, Tracy R	
Secondary Recruiter's e-mail: tracy.scott@enron.com	
Job Category: Origination - Wholesale	
Location: Houston, TX	
Date: 05/31/2002	
Job Posting #: 1154
